http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty main
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty restricted
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty universe
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty multiverse
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty-updates main
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty-updates restricted
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty-updates universe
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty-updates multiverse
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty-backports main
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty-backports restricted
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty-backports universe
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ trusty-backports multiverse
http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu trusty-security main
http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu trusty-security restricted
http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu trusty-security universe
http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu trusty-security multiverse
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ xenial main
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ xenial restricted
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ xenial universe
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ xenial multiverse
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ xenial-updates main
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ xenial-updates restricted
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ xenial-updates universe
http://jp.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/ xenial-updates multiverse
http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security main
http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security restricted
http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security universe
http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial-security multiverse
http://ppa.launchpad.net/maas/stable/ubuntu/ xenial
http://ppa.launchpad.net/maas/proposed/ubuntu/ xenial
http://ppa.launchpad.net/juju/stable/ubuntu/ xenial
http://ppa.launchpad.net/juju/proposed/ubuntu/ xenial
http://ubuntu-cloud.archive.canonical.com/ubuntu/ xenial-updates/newton main
http://ubuntu-cloud.archive.canonical.com/ubuntu/ xenial-proposed/newton main
http://ubuntu-cloud.archive.canonical.com/ubuntu/ xenial-updates/ocata main
http://ubuntu-cloud.archive.canonical.com/ubuntu/ xenial-proposed/ocata main
http://ubuntu-cloud.archive.canonical.com/ubuntu/ trusty-updates/mitaka main
http://ubuntu-cloud.archive.canonical.com/ubuntu/ trusty-proposed/mitaka main
